As you know, the design process of electrical machines contains branches, including electromagnetic design, 
    thermal design, mechanical design, vibration design, and drive system design.

According to Juha Pyrhonen [1], the stuff of thermal design in electrical machines is much more complicated 
    than the classic electromagnetic design.

Empirical constants are very popular in the field of electrical machines as machine designers usually don't
    have the specific ability to design the thermal circuits for the machine.

The empirical constants are only valuable in the realm of standard electric motors which are used and expe-
    riments multiple times to ensure the fruitfulness of the constants.

On the other hand, when you want to design a totally new machine, you won't be able to use constants because
    their preassumptions may not be present or applicable in the surroundings of your motor.

For such situations, the only remained way is to design the cooling system from 0 to 100.

In this project the cooling system design and thermal analysis of a large-scale, 200kW, 6-phase, and surface
    -mounted permanent magnet synchronous motor was investigated and explained.

For implementing the cooling system, firstly the cooling performance of the motor was modeled using multi-
    layer perceptron artificial neural network (MLPANN) modeling.

After modeling and system identification, it is time to optimize the cooling system. Like every optimization 
    problem, we should determine the decision variables, objective function (s), and optimization methods.

As the cooling performance of the motor is determined from fluidic, thermal, and economical perspectives, we
    have specified three objective functions. Therefore, we face a multi-objective optimization problem.

For fluidic performance, we have selected the pressure drop of cooling pipes. To consider the thermal viewp-
    oint we monitored the temperature of hotspots (in this case the hotspots appear in the end-windings.) 
    Additionally, to include economic perspective, the price of cooling pipes is considered the third
    objective function.

[1]	J. Pyrhonen, T. Jokinen, and V. Hrabovcova, Design of Rotating Electrical Machines: Wiley, 2009.
